feat: complete events.Event docs (#35360)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/events/event/removelistener/index.md

---
title: Event.removeListener()
slug: Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/events/Event/removeListener
page-type: webextension-api-event
browser-compat: webextensions.api.events.Event.removeListener
---

{{AddonSidebar}}

> Deregisters an event listener previously registered to the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes an event listener registered with {{WebExtAPIRef("events.Event.addListener()")}} from the event.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
events.Event.removeListener(listener)
```

### Parameters

- `listener`

>   - : `function`. The listener that shall be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `function`. The listener to remove.
```
